# Coromisin
The roles of Education cannot be overemphasized in all ramifications of live,in which Education is seen as a tool the provide solution to any problems that can showcase as a result of human activities or naturally. This make Education to remain a core to natural stability, security, medical challenges and also an instrument for political, economic growth and development. When other profession fails, Education will continue to take a lead in all experiences, that an individual is exposed to, which bring about positive improvement on skills, attitude and knowledge that can improve the environment in which we live.This prone to research carryout by Microbiologist Medical student and Educationalist in which we arrived at antidote that have the higher tendency of curing Coronavirus name Annonia Muticata (Botanical name). Annonia Muricata is a tree that process many chemical components such as Rutin, Blumenol, Reticular, Coreximin, Coclaurine, Stepharine, Anonaine, Isolareline, Xylopine, Gallic Acid, Catcehin, Muricapentocin, Annohexocin, Chlorogenic Acid Annomuricin Annomutacin, Annonamine, Corossoline, Javarucin Corepoxylone, Squamosin,Xylomaticin, Bulatacin, Rolliniastatin, Murihexol, Bullatin and Keampferol. The back,stem and leave comprises the properties, the seed and fruit contain Phytochemical, the leaf oils contain Sesquiterpenes Caryophyllene . Annonia Muricata can also severs as Antimicrobial, Antiprotozoal and Antiviral.The leave extract of Annoina Muricata (Coromisin) which have been tested at 95% level of significant and have the potentials of curing all the symptoms of corona virus such running nose, sore throat, fever, cough and difficult in breathing within three (3) days with dosage. This Antidote have verified, tested and also available for further testing and reesting.This cannot be revealed physically, it can only be deduced through Metaphysics(beyond physical realm) which can interpret through Epistemology (knowledge) of Revelation. What had happened to the world have answer a philosophical question, WHO IS GOD? He said it in his word my people perish because they lack knowledge (wisdom) he completed it when he says the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. Hear the word of the Lord you nations. I am Yahweh, and the is no other, there is no God but me. I will strengthen you, through you do not know me. So that all may know from the rising of the sun to It's setting that there is no one but me. I am Yahweh, and there is no other. I form light and create darkness I make sucess and create disaster, I Yahweh, do all these things. I was sought by those who did not ask, I was found by those who did not seek me. I said Here I am, here I am, to nation that was not called by my name. I spread out My hands all day long to a rebellious people who walk in the wrong path, following their own throught.These people continually provoke me to my face, sacrificing in garden burning incense on bricks sitting among the graves, spending nights in serect places eating the meat of pigs and putting polluted broth in their bowls.They say,' keep to yourself, don't come near me, for I am too holy for you! There practices are smoke in my nostrils a fire that burn all day long. It is written before Me: I will not keep silent but I will repay; I will repay them fully for your iniquities and the inquiries of your father together, Say the Lord. "Because they burned incense on the mountains and reproached Me on the hills, I will reward them fully for their former deeds." The Lord say this As the new wine is found in a bunch of grapes and one says, 'Don't destroy it, for there's some good in it so I will act because of My servants and not destroy them all. I will produce descendants from Jacob, and heirs to My mountain from Judah; My chosen one win possess it and My servants will dwell there. Sharon will be a pasture for flocks and the valley of Achor a place for cattle to lie down, from My people who have sought Me. But you who abandon the Lord, who forget My holy mountain like, who prepare a table for fortune and fill bowls of mixed wine for Destiny, I will destine you for the sword and all of you will kneel down to be slaughtered because I called you you did not answer, I spoke you did not hear; you did what was evil in My sight and chose what I did not delight in.
